Update PR template (#363)
openproblems-bio/openproblems-v2: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] Proposed changes are described in the CHANGELOG.md

- [ ] CI Tests succeed and look good!

## Requirements after merging

> - [ ] Regenerate test resources of task: e.g. all or batch_integration
> 
> - [ ] Regenerate dataset resources of task: e.g. all or batch_integration

Reviewer: I think if we need to regenerate the test resources, we'll also need to regenerate the dataset resources.

```suggestion
- [ ] Need to regenerate `common/` resources

- [ ] Need to regenerate task-specific resources. Specify: <all or ...>
```
